This is a lot of math and I get it.
I can tell you I don't myself remember all these formulas.
I have to look them up.
I remember in early days with Udacity,
I made a course on Robotics where
I couldn't remember how to invert matrices so I go with it.
I stole a piece of code and then my team were
really mad at me for stealing code from somebody else.
Even though everybody steals code these days.
I'd be going with you through this,
so you get an understanding of the Basic Linear Algebra.
And trust me, even if you
understand it in the everyday what a matrix is and what a vector is,
and know what you can do with it,
no matter how it's worth,
that's very, very useful because it let's you do stuff
in Multi-Dimensional Spaces and robots,
the self-driving cars live in Multi-Dimensional Spaces,
maps are High-Dimensional Spaces.
So let's forge on.